Code monitoring docs (#16173)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_monitoring/explanations/best_practices.md

# Best practices

> There are some best practices we recommend when creating code monitros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some best practices we recommend when creating code monitors.
```

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/iK4lNl7XwCPNQ5eZHX/giphy.gif"/>

## Privacy and visibility

### Do not include confidential information in monitor names

> Every code monitor has a name that will be shown whenever the monitor is referenced. In notification actions this name is likely to be the only information about the event, so it’s important for identfiying what was triggered, but also has to be “safe” to expose in plain text emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every code monitor has a name that will be shown wherever the monitor is referenced. In notification actions this name is likely to be the only information about the event, so it’s important for identifying what was triggered, but also has to be “safe” to expose in plain text emails.
```
